As was explained in the README, this project is loosely based on DnD character attributes and characteristics. The user must enter their desired values for their "game" character, before those values are encrypted and saved to a file. These values utilize many different data types, including char arrays, int arrays, floats, ints, and booleans. <br>
However, instead of having default values present before overwriting them with user input, our team has decided to use a struct consisting of null member variables. These member variables are the ten arguments that a user must initialize. Not only this, but to access these member variables, you must traverse them as you would a linked list. This serves two purposes:<br>
The first is to partially obfuscate what is being modified and where. The second is convenience and lighter memory requirements. Instead of passing around ten variables between functions, by value, reference, or otherwise, we simply reference the struct. From there, we initialize the head of the linked list at the first member variable, and traverse from there. To make matters more confusing for a potential attacker, the linked list does not traverse the member variables exactly as they are defined.<br>
After the user inputs their desired values, everything is encrypted using an XOR'ing scheme. The key for this scheme is meant to look like a pointer, such that if it is spotted upon disassembly, an unsuspecting attacker will overlook this critical part of the encryption process. An XOR'ing scheme was convenient to us because we can use the same key to encrypt and decrypt information with relative ease. After everything is encrypted, an MD5 hash of the file is produced, and stored such that it can be accessed and compared later, when the user decrypts their information.
<br>
This process allows the user to perform a two-step check to ensure that their character values have not changed without their intervention. Of course, because this is C, everything is displayed in the command prompt, so be sure to have a large terminal screen ready!